README.md, before:

# Mingzat

The Mingzat font supports the Lepcha script. 


## Project status [![Build Status](https://build.palaso.org/app/rest/builds/buildType:Fonts_Mingzat/statusIcon)](https://build.palaso.org/viewType.html?buildTypeId=Fonts_Mingzat&guest=1)  

Mingzat v1.100 has been released. 

Mingzat is based on Jason Glavy's JG Lepcha font which was a custom-encoded font. We have used his design with his generous permission. He also agreed to allow the font to be released under the SIL Open Font License (OFL). 

This font has both OpenType and Graphite support. 

## License

For copyright and licensing - including any Reserved Font Names - see [OFL.txt](OFL.txt).

For practical information about modifying and redistributing this font see [OFL-FAQ.txt](OFL-FAQ.txt).

## See also

For more details about this project, including changelog and acknowledgements see [FONTLOG.txt](FONTLOG.txt).

For further information about this font, including Unicode ranges, and licensing, please see the documentation on [the website](https://software.sil.org/mingzat/) or in the documentation subfolder of this font package.

# Developer notes

This project uses a UFO-based design and production workflow, with all sources in open formats and a completely open-source build toolkit. For more details see [SIL Font Development Notes](https://silnrsi.github.io/silfontdev/en-US/Introduction.html).

We welcome contributions to this font project, such as new glyphs, enhanced smart font code, or bug fixes. The best way to begin the process is to file an issue in the [Github project](https://github.com/silnrsi/font-mingzat) or respond to an existing issue and express your interest. Then we can begin to correspond with you regarding what all might be required and discuss how to best submit your contributions.

To enable us to accept contributions in a way that honors your contribution and respects your copyright while preserving long-term flexibility for open source licensing, you would also need to agree to the SIL International Contributor License Agreement for Font Software (v1.0) prior to sending us your contribution. To read more about this requirement and find out how to submit the required form, please visit the [CLA information page](https://software.sil.org/fontcla).

Commit message:

Changed copyright to 2026. Changed SIL International to SIL Global.

README.md, after:

# Project status [![Build Status](https://build.palaso.org/app/rest/builds/buildType:Fonts_Mingzat/statusIcon)](https://build.palaso.org/viewType.html?buildTypeId=Fonts_Mingzat&guest=1)  

Mingzat is based on Jason Glavy's JG Lepcha font which was a custom-encoded font. We have used his design with his generous permission. He also agreed to allow the font to be released under the SIL Open Font License (OFL). 

This font has both OpenType and Graphite support. 

## See also

For further information about this font, including Unicode ranges, and licensing, please see the documentation on [the website](https://software.sil.org/mingzat/) or in the documentation subfolder of this font package.

# Developer notes

This project uses a UFO-based design and production workflow, with all sources in open formats and a completely open-source build toolkit. For more details see [SIL Font Development Notes](https://silnrsi.github.io/silfontdev/en-US/Introduction.html).

We welcome contributions to this font project, such as new glyphs, enhanced smart font code, or bug fixes. The best way to begin the process is to file an issue in the [Github project](https://github.com/silnrsi/font-mingzat) or respond to an existing issue and express your interest. Then we can begin to correspond with you regarding what all might be required and discuss how to best submit your contributions.

To enable us to accept contributions in a way that honors your contribution 
and respects your copyright while preserving long-term flexibility for open 
source licensing, you would also need to agree to the SIL Global 
Contributor License Agreement for Font Software (v1.0) prior to sending us 
your contribution. To read more about this requirement and find out how to 
submit the required form, please visit the CLA information page
(https://software.sil.org/fontcla).

For a complete list of changes in this version see the [FONTLOG.txt](FONTLOG.txt).

For copyright and licensing information - including any Reserved Font Names - see [OFL.txt](OFL.txt).

For practical information about using, modifying and redistributing this font see [OFL-FAQ.txt](OFL-FAQ.txt).
